Hello and welcome back. In this new lesson, we are going to take a look at
how we can use Codex for reverse engineering. This means we are not going
to use OpenCLAW. Instead, we will use Codex directly to connect to the MCP
services. This is the Codex strategy to simulate OpenCLAW. So these are the
points. First, we will prompt Codex to find out how to use MCP endpoints. Each MCP will have different
endpoints. For example, the x64 debugger will have an endpoint running on a specific port.
The Ghidra will have another different port number and the DNSpy will have a different port number.
So each different MCP endpoints are unique. So the strategy is, we will let Codex know the port
number and the IP address for the service, the MCP service that is running. And then we will
tell Codex to use MCP protocol and JSON to try to connect to that endpoint. Codex might
stumble and make some attempts and eventually Codex will figure it out. Now once Codex has
figured out how to connect to that specific endpoint, we will then save it as a skill
in a Markdown file format. This is crucial. This is what allows Codex to behave like OpenClaw.
So we need to save the skill in a file and we will use the Markdown file format which
OpenClaw uses.
And not only that, Markdown files which have the .md extension are the default text files
for all AI agents when they are saving data, knowledge, skills and memory.
So they are universally accepted file format for AI agents to use.
So that is the reason why we are also following this universal standard.
So each skill will have its own skills markdown file.
So for example, if we are going to teach codex or ask codex to figure out how to
connect to x64 dbg debugger, at the end of the session,
we will save a skill file for x64dbg debugger.
And then we will repeat the process
if we want Codex to learn how to connect
to another different tool, for example, Ghidra.
And then at the end of the Ghidra session,
we will again repeat the same strategy.
That is, we will ask Codex to save the Ghidra MCP connection skills in another Markdown file.
And same thing repeats with DnSpy and just about any other tools.
So for each specific tool, we will use the same strategy.
In the end, we will have several Markdown files.
Each file will be specific for a specific skill.
So in future, if we ever again wanted to use codex to connect to, for example, x64 debugger,
then all we need to do is just refer codex to that file.
So codex will just read the file.
The file will tell codex how it previously managed to connect to x64 dbg debugger.
So it doesn't have to start from scratch.
So this is the secret of how we can use Codex to simulate openclaw.
And the same thing could be said for Claude code as well.
If you want to use Claude code for reverse engineering, you will also do the same workflow.
So this is quite flexible, this strategy.
It can be used for just about any AI agent that you want.
So in this section, I will use Codex to demonstrate the idea.
So that's all for this lesson.
I will see you in the next one.
Thanks for watching.